Add sample ebgp connection (#204)
boucadair/attachment-circuit-model: draft-ietf-opsawg-teas-attachment-circuit.md

This scenario allows the provider to maintain a list of ACs belonging to the same customer without requiring the full service configuration.

> ## Connect two networks through eBGP peering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## BGP Peering
```

> In this scenario, multiple networks, each represented by a Network Element (NE), connect to other networks or a Network Access Point (NAP) for interconnection purposes. Each network connects to each other through one or more Attachment Circuits (ACs).

Reviewer: NE, NAP are not represented in the figure

> To facilitate routing between the interconnected networks, BGP (Border Gateway Protocol) peering sessions are established between the participating networks. BGP is used to exchange routing information and reachability announcements between those networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To facilitate forwarding between the interconnected networks, BGP peering sessions are established between the participating networks. BGP is used to exchange routing information and reachability announcements between those networks.
```

~~~~ aasvg
{::include-fold ./figures/bgp-peering-example.txt}
~~~~
{: #bgp-peer-network title="Illustration of Provider Network Scenario"}

> As depicted in the figure {{bgp-peer-network}}, each AC represents the physical or virtual link between the two networks. The AC configuration includes parameters such as interface settings, VLAN configuration (if applicable), and any additional settings required for connectivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As depicted in {{bgp-peer-network}}, each AC represents the link between the two networks. The AC configuration includes parameters such as interface settings, VLAN configuration (if applicable), and any additional settings required for connectivity.
```

> Once the ACs are established, BGP peering sessions are configured between the routers of the participating networks. BGP sessions are established over the Attachment Circuits, allowing the routers to exchange routing information. BGP peering configuration includes parameters such as neighbor IP addresses, BGP AS numbers, authentication settings (if required), and route filtering policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the ACs are established, BGP peering sessions are configured between the routers of the participating networks. BGP sessions are established over the ACs, allowing the routers to exchange routing information. BGP peering configuration includes parameters such as neighbor IP addresses, AS numbers, authentication settings (if required), etc.
```
